Sakura SchooII Chat, Call & game
Voice and Video Call - Sakura SchooII Video Chat, Call, and wallpaper 
Live Video Call - Sakura SchooII Video Chat app  is connecting to all over world girls & boys easily through video calls fake prank.
Let talk through the free video chat. Just open Sakura SchooII Video Chat app then Go Live on now!

PLAY GAME Sakura SchooII
Bored with regular random app? don't miss this app build with love for you.
No joke by this app you can get fake call, video call, chat with idol, and play game. Why we are recomend you use this app?
The first you can chat with Sakura SchooII
the second you can prank your friends, you can tell your friends that you has makes calling with Sakura SchooII in video call and voice call,
no joke by this app you can make incoming call event making call like real call with Sakura SchooII.
The Third set Sakura SchooII wallpaper as you want, fidn wallpaper Sakura SchooII in internet? don't do that, all you want is this Sakura SchooII app.
And the last play Sakura SchooII games. amazing guys by this mainstream app you can play Sakura SchooII game, you can play Sakura SchooII puzzle game. slide puzzle game and jigsaw puzzle game
not only this app, you can making fake videocall with bts, blackpink area, nastya, sakura school, upin ipin and more.

FEATURE
Puzzle game Sakura SchooII
jigsaw puzzle game Sakura SchooII
slide puzzle Sakura SchooII
Fake chat with Sakura SchooII
Fake call prank with Sakura SchooII include Video call and voice call
Wallpaper Sakura SchooII, just one tap to set
No login required
Free 100% video chat & voice call with unlimited time.
Simple & easy to use.
Support of the back camera and front camera.
Private chat with idols of cool people around the world

HOW TO USE FAKE CHAT
Open chat now
Chose Sakura SchooII Contact
Wait until Sakura SchooII Answer your messages

HOW TO USE FAKE CALL FEATURE
Open the Live Video Call - Sakura SchooII Random Video Chat & Call
Chose Sakura SchooII Contact
Tap video call icon
Wait until Sakura SchooII answer your call
Each template can be used as video call and voice call
